However, our people are very good at using the law.
Our people's path to this law is very important.
It is important to use this law as a tool to measure the situation of the war.
This is the way to the underground.
It is a way to escape from the current situation that is dependent on overseas.
This is not a kind thing.
However, we are now in a great war of whether to ride or fly.
It is a time to make a very decisive decision and make a very good decision.
There is a need for efforts and efforts in the general public, including the people.
Based on this situation, the government is trying to strengthen the national food supply and self-sufficiency.
It is a battle of the heat wave.
I would like to encourage the farmers to increase their food supply by double their efforts this year.
I would like to encourage the government to increase their food supply and self-sufficiency.
I would like to encourage the farmers to increase their food supply and self-sufficiency.
I will now end my speech.